Hi.
We didn't this lecture regarding to see in other examples of plug ins so that we can know how to work
with them efficiently.
So let me create the new art bird over here OK.
And this time let's go for this pattern maker.
OK.
Since I already have this.
And let me change his name to something like dating app.
OK.
So this will be our dating app design and this will be our other example of plug ins and we can just
try this pattern maker as well.
So it actually lets us create patterns using some shapes or images of cars.
I cannot do that right now because I don't have any shapes but in fact I can choose how many columns
and how many rows I want in a pattern like this or debt.
So if you say bank pattern right now it won't make any pattern because I don't have any shape.
So let me create a shape over here so that we can work with that one.
So let me bring in some circle again and this time I'm just going to fill this in with a color like
that.
OK.
And then I'm just going to use this to create this scattered pattern.
And as you can see it easily created the pattern in less than one seconds.
And of course we can go with that one as well but since I already have too much it's created a lot of
circles over here so let me do common Z and just with one circle let me try to create this pattern and
as you can see I have these dice shaped color dice shaped actually designed so that I can even use this
as a dice or any other pattern that I want in my app.
So as you can see it's very easy to use plugins and it's actually very helpful if you try to come up
with a shape like that.
So let me try to find another one and as you can see we have a lot of options.
And if you want to go for most popular ones you can just come over year and choose the popular to see
it as sending like that.
So as you can see the UI faces is the most popular one at this moment actually.
And here you go.
Now we have other options like on icons and symbols.
So let's try to install this and use this.
So let means told us and you will see it will provide us with very good icons and symbols so that we
can use it on our own projects.
So let me close this down and let me come over here and it asks us to search for an icon.
For example I'm just going to go for search.
So since we already have done one before and as you can see we have a lot of options over here.
So if you want to use any of them you can just click onto them and it will just add it to your project.
So here you go.
Now we have some kind of search icon over here and it looks like ours but it's much better as you can
see it has this little options over here.
And the best part of this you can actually get to edit them as well in a way that you want.
So you can get icons from that plugin and you can try to create your own way by editing them later on.
So I suggest you go for the flag as a use search for the most popular runs and try to use it to make
yourself self comfortable beds and there'll be seen in a much better way.
So we're going to stop here and continue on our practices in the next lecture.